add ROS setup and microros local setup to bashrc (#392)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/tutorials/core/first_application_linux/index.md

```
{% include first_application_common/agent_creation.md %}

> ### Add microros environment to bashrc (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add micro-ROS environment to bashrc (optional)
```

> You can add the ROS2 and microROS workspace setup files to your bashrc so the files do not have to be sourced everytime a new command line is opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the ROS 2 and micro-ROS workspace setup files to your `.bashrc` so the files do not have to be sourced every time a new command line is opened.
```
